https://blog.meain.io/feed.xml
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@Luke:7
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@AlphaNerd:8
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@DistroTube:2
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@BrodieRobertson:5
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ ChriTitusTech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtYg149E_wUGVmjGz-TgyNA TitusTechTalk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv1Kcz-CuGM6mxzL3B1_Eiw GardinerBryant
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfAvImNHaevXE7cAmHSOQDQ NoClipArchive
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7dF9qfBMXrSlaaFFDvV_Yg Gigguk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw BugsWriter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOk-gHyjcWZNj3Br4oxwh0A TechnoTim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw TheLinuxExperiment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw GamersNexus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkWQ0gDrqOCarmUKmppD7GQ JayzTwoCents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ7AeeVbyslLM_8-nVy2B8Q SkillUp
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw IAmTimCorey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA TJDeVries
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVk4b-svNJoeytrrlOixebQ TheVimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo2T5CWtdbj4NveB5flTD4A RainerStropek
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL-fHOdarou-CR2XUmK48Og ScottHanselman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNzszbnvQeFzObW0ghk0Ckw DavesGarage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq8LldVrjqe61KQttZlLW8g PatrickGod
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw DerekBanas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxsWfh8LCcn55mFB6zGBT1g ZoranHorvat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjREVt2ZJU8ql-NC9Gu-TJw CodeToTheMoon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyTPru-1gZ7-4qblcKM0TiQ Codewrinkles
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNJ1Ymd5yFuUPtn21xtRbbw AIExplained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP_jWxjn__YXmo4iU7Low0g RawCoding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkih2oVTbXPEpVwE-U7kmHw TroubleChute
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4w1YQAJMWOz4qtxinq55LQ Level1Techs
https://itsfoss.com/rss/
https://bitport.hu/rss
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
https://hup.hu/node/feed
https://itcafe.hu/hirfolyam/anyagok/rss.xml
https://prog.hu/site/backend/proghu-rss.xml
https://www.gamingonlinux.com/article_rss.php

